README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker 

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## User Story

As a business owner I want to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company So that I can organize and plan my business

## Description

Employee Tracker is a content management system built to manage a company's departments, roles and employees using node, inquirer and MySQL.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#Installation)

* [Usage](#Usage)  

* [License](#License)

* [Contributing](#Contributing)

* [Tests](#Tests)

* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To install the required dependencies, please run the following command:

```
npm i inquirer, npm i mysql, npm i dotenv, npm console.table 
```

## Usage

Using Employee Tacker is simply. Once you have all the dependencies installed, run the command npm start. This will prompt you with a list of actions to choose from such as view all employees, update employees and many more. 

## License 

This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html) license.

## Contributing

Abide by the Contributor covenant guidelines

## Tests

To run tests, please run the following command:

```
N/A
```

## Questions

If you have any questions, contact me at molestinaisrael@gmail.com. You can find more of my work at [Israel-Molestina](https://github.com/Israel-Molestina)

Commit message:

added walkthrough video to readme

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker 

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green)

## User Story

As a business owner I want to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company So that I can organize and plan my business

## Description

Employee Tracker is a content management system built to manage a company's departments, roles and employees using node, inquirer and MySQL.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#Installation)

* [Usage](#Usage)  

* [License](#License)

* [Contributing](#Contributing)

* [Tests](#Tests)

* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To install the required dependencies, please run the following command:

```
npm i inquirer, npm i mysql, npm i dotenv, npm console.table 
```

## Usage

Using Employee Tacker is simply. Once you have all the dependencies installed, run the command npm start. This will prompt you with a list of actions to choose from such as view all employees, update employees and many more. Below is a link to the walkthrough video. 

[Walkthrough](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17qbqnyEaHp6kJ0NBqMoLUqzvzPzH7NJF/view)

## License 

This project is licensed under the [MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html) license.

## Contributing

Abide by the Contributor covenant guidelines

## Tests

To run tests, please run the following command:

```
N/A
```

## Questions

If you have any questions, contact me at molestinaisrael@gmail.com. You can find more of my work at [Israel-Molestina](https://github.com/Israel-Molestina)
